Add java analyzer comments for ``Need For Speed`` (#2325)
exercism/website-copy: analyzer-comments/java/need-for-speed/avoid_loops.md

# avoid loops

> Consider converting the `loop` statement and returning a single expression using the `<=` operator while reusing methods already implemented in the class.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that it makes sense to wrap the word "loop" in backticks, as it is not a keyword in Java.

Author: 👍

> Consider converting the `loop` statement and returning a single expression using the `<=` operator while reusing methods already implemented in the class.

Reviewer: This is quite a long sentence with is a bit hard to read. I'd break it up a bit, something like

```suggestion
Instead of using a loop, consider returning a single expression using the `<=` operator.
You can re-use the other methods already implemented in the class.
```
